docs/guides/concepts_entities_components/README.md, before:

# Entities, Components and Systems

This guide defines the basic terms used in SpellJS documentation. It is intended
for developers which are new to the SpellJS framework.


## Definition of SpellJS specific terminology

### Entity

The term *entity* is commonly used to designate an object in the game world (link to Scene). The meaning of the term *object* should not be confused with the
one commonly associated with the object-oriented programming paradigm.

In the context of SpellJS an *entity* has the following properties:

* **not** an instance of a class
* an aggregation of components
* its identity consists solely of an *entity id*


### Component

In the context of SpellJS a *component* has the following properties:

* consists exclusively of structured data
* **does not have** any associated functions (sorry, no instance methods)
* can only exist in the context of an entity


### System

In the context of SpellJS a *system* has the following properties:

* gets called by the SpellJS engine
* gets certain entities as input
* is the place where logic associated with certain components is located


### Entity Component System

An *entity component system* is a system that consists of entities, components and systems. It is a method of performing separation of data from logic
in a game engine. It should not be confused with the *system* mentioned previously which is a building block of the specific flavor of entity component system
implemented in SpellJS.


### Template

*Templates* can be used to simplify the creation of entity instances. Though it is possible to create entity instances without the use of a templates it reduces
the amount of work necessary to do so.


### Entity Id

An *entity id* is a SpellJS engine interal identifier for an entity. Similar to SQL table's primary keys they provide a unique identifier for every entity
instance available in the system at one time. Dealing with entity ids is necessary when implementing your own systems in SpellJS.

Commit message:

Updated documentation for spell entities and components

docs/guides/concepts_entities_components/README.md, after:

# Entities, Components and Systems

This guide defines the basic terms used in SpellJS documentation. It is intended
for developers who are new to the SpellJS framework.


## Basics of the SpellJS framework

### Entity

The term *entity* is commonly used to designate an object in the game world. The meaning of the term *object* should not be confused with the
one commonly associated with the object-oriented programming paradigm.

In the context of SpellJS an *entity* has the following properties:

* **not** an instance of a class
* an aggregation of components
* its identity consists solely of an *entity id*


### Component

In the context of SpellJS a *component* has the following properties:

* consists exclusively of structured data
* **does not have** any associated functions (sorry, no instance methods)
* can only exist in the context of an entity


### System

In the context of SpellJS a *system* has the following properties:

* gets called by the SpellJS engine
* gets certain entities as input
* is the place where logic associated with certain components is located


### Entity Component System

An *entity component system* is a system that consists of entities, components and systems. It is a method of performing separation of data from logic
in a game engine. It should not be confused with the *system* mentioned previously which is a building block of the specific flavor of entity component system
implemented in SpellJS.


### Template

*Templates* can be used to simplify the creation of entity instances. Though it is possible to create entity instances without the use of templates it reduces
the amount of work necessary to do so when it is done repeatedly. Entity templates come in handy especially if a specific entity configuration must be
configurable in SpellEd while being used to instantiate entities at runtime. This is useful e.g. if a game designer working with SpellEd is fine tuning the
configuration of a certain type of entity without having to touch the underlying code.

The SpellJS framework provides a set of basic entities in the form of entity templates.


### Entity Id

An *entity id* is a SpellJS engine interal identifier for an entity. Similar to SQL table's primary keys they provide a unique identifier for every entity
instance available in the system at one time. Dealing with entity ids is necessary when implementing your own systems in SpellJS.
